The December Was going very amazing, but it is said that every good thing comes to an end and the same way our friendship aslo came to verge of ending on 22nd of December. I'd compare the 22nd of December with a leg shaking nightmare. It just took away my sleep and all of joy in a sudden. The was kept in the middle of nowhere in instant. Now I was confused what should I do, because I got blocked for no reason. I was helpless and in deep sadness and full of sorrow. My love was faded in matter of just a few seconds. I was out of my mind, for the first time in my life, I felt the sorrow of loosing someone. The main problem of this argument was there was no valdi reason for which you could have block me. I was lost in your thoughts for almost two days. What about the feature I had imagined with you, what about my love and all the hints that we gave gave to each other. You couldn't just leave me alone once again in middle of nowhere. I tried to keep my hopes alive and I thought of contacting Fatema. But as usual she just got bored and for that reason she was useless for me, but one good thing which we will talk in next paragraph and I'm not gonna write about how you texted me because of Fatema getting bored and all as I don't like to talk about her much. These notes are meant for us, not for her so I don't want to regress the value of my notes.

     After getting blocked, I still had hopes as you told me that you were going to join the tuition. I thought that from the tuition, I could check whether you love me anymore or everything just got over in blick of the eye. But on the 27th of December, you appeared with Blue baggy jeans, black shirt with certain design on it(the shirt you wore on the day of Christmas in your snap with captian ' If you didn't get any gift for Christmas, you can have me as a gift for now.) and white flat sandles along with black tinted glasses with oiled pony hair in the tuition. Your first glance turned all of my negative thoughts Into positive, I thought your aren't like others. You will definitely come back to me and once again hu hopes were alive. Even though you were mad and had blocked me, you could resist taking your eyes apart from me. Yours eyes were completely lost in me. You saw me the way I saw you, just seeing me, unaware from the surroundings. But one eye contact made me fall even harder In your love and I was completely lost in your eyes. And the was you made the eye contact was just a piece of art. The very next day, you came with blue jeans, and this time it was white shirt and other all things were same. Again we had some eye contact and our eyes couldn't resist to see and fall in eachother. It is the definition of love, And Shikha you are my love, I never had and will never see any other person in the world the way I saw you and loved you. You are perfect for me I don't want to change yourself for me, you are perfect in your Identity, the want the Shikha who loves me blindly and care for me after everything, probably I would never get love from anyone, the way you loved me. No one would understand me better than you. Please don't leave me again. The only message I'm trying to convey is just stay with me for the rest of eternity, please don't leave me alone in this world of cruel people, I won't make a survival without you, my love Shikha. There is much more than this to write about The December, but I'm saving it for the good part. It's time for you to answer my questions. What did you feel when you blocked me and what were your feeling after joining the tution. You could share anything more just in case I've missed out some part or something that you might not have told me from your side.