Shikha, my love, you make my heart beat for you alone, after your name. You are the only  reason which wakes up with a smile on my face, you are the reason behind me falling asleep with a heart full of love and gratitude,every night and also makes me feel that there is someone who really does care for me. You are the sunshine that brightens every moment in my life, you are the the calm in every storm of my life. Your love is the anchor that holds me steady in my innings( the batting by one team is called inning. There are two innings, each of one team in a cricket match), the wings that set my soul free into your heart, you and all of all imaginations and expectations which will definately come true one day, I assure you, You are my best friend, my partner in crime, my confidante. You are my safe haven, my home. You are my everything, my reason for being.

     Shikha, my love, you make me a better person. You inspire me to be the best version of myself and make me work on myself to become better and better for you, because I want to give you the best version of myself because you don't deserve my ordinary version. There should be no compromises by my side for my queen, you deserve everything, the best. Your love motivates me to chase my dreams, to pursue my passions for you, so that I could fulfill all of your dreams and become a man of your dreams and keep everything you wish at your feet. It's your support which  gives me the courage to face my fears with confidence, to overcome my doubts. I can face my fears because I know you will stand after me in all the situations whether it is happy or sad. I love you more and more with each moment in my life, I just can't define the amount how much I love you and care for you. You are the love of my life, my soulmate, my everything. I can't think of a life without my love, without you, my Shikha. You are mine for ever, mine always for this eternity. As I write this, tears of joy stream down my face revealing the love that I do carry for you and how much I think of you, thinking about the love we share, the memories we've made, and the dreams we're yet to fulfill. I'm not sure whether you'll read this with tears in your eyes, tears of joy, tears of love, but I'm pretty confident that you will. And I know that our love will continue to grow, to flourish, to be the guiding force in our lives. Every time I think of you, I feel like I'm you, which makes me feel that I'm you whenever I miss you, and that time passes while I'm with you because of your love, which is like a warm embrace that surrounds my heart. For me, you serve as a bright light that always guides me along the path, helping me navigate through the highs and lows of my life and guide me to the path of love, leaving behind all the ambitions and possessions that are nothing compared to your love. Our love is seen through our eyes, conveying the depths of our unbreakable bond and never-ending love for each other this eternity. All of  uncertainties and anxieties are calmed by the soft just a glimpse of you and all other things getting me depressed goes away just by your touch. Shikha, you being my other half, greatest and best friend friend, and partner in every possible way out there. I pledge and assure to be your pillar of support, your haven during bad times, and your true love. You can call me home and you are already my home. I don't know whether you brewed any spell of love and affection on me, but if so, I don't have any problem, because every moment of you makes me a better person, and my heart feels more holy by your name. You the reason behind my well being, my love, Shikha It's time for you to answer what did you feel for me after comming Into relationship?