My Shikha,
     If I had to choose one thing on Earth, anything I want. I would choose you and I am not joking, I can keep everything behind for you without even thinking once. I don't know how I can explain, but you are the most precious, beautiful thing for me. You are just perfect for me. The only thing that I'm worried about is us getting apart and one more thing I would consider is you being unsecured that I might exploit you. As you said today, you didn't like that I accidentally touched your butt. I had no intentions of touching your butt. I was trying to your waist, but you stepped back and therefore your butt came into contact with my hand. I was so sorry that I unintentionally touched your butt. You might not have known that if I didn't inform you about that incident. But I thought that if I don't inform you about this, it can be considered as cheating on you or even exploiting you. But today when I told it to you once again, you replied very weirdly, giving signs that you still do feel insecure around me over something. And when I asked you if you felt insecure with me after that having told you about that incident (butt) , you replied that you don't know. Which is not a good sign for a relationship. I will never see you getting exploited or feeling insecure from my perspective.
     I told you that prayag was saying about your nudes. Actually, I'm not supposed to do it. But, I did it even after knowing that you might think that I didn't do anything in that matter and came to you. But my real intention behind coming to you was disrespect. I can't see my girl being disrespected by others. So, I came to you, so that they would fall in your feet because they exploited you.  It won't have a meaning if they don't come to you and apologise. So, I did it and made them realise that they went after the wrong girl.
     I am standing with you throughout all situations in our lives, I FUCK PROMISE to never leave you, but personally I have insecurity that what if something comes and makes us apart? I don't want to let it happen. Please give me assurance that you won't leave me. I know you won't leave me, but if you assure it, it would be good for me to deep conscience and feel secured in your heart . I FUCK PROMISE, I won't leave you, if something happens between us in future, you and I don't establish a contact with you by some way, you can contact my sister and feel free to express the obstacle. Her number is 9898154065. I love everything about love, every inch of you, you are perfect for me and I don't want you to change yourself for me. Just be yourself. I love this SHIKHA, not the changed one. I will stand by your side and support you whether it is some problem or the whole eternity turning against you, I will always be by your side. I will never judge you, I will praise you and I can't stop loving you, every time I see you, I fall harder and harder for you. And please don't feel ashamed if you like my veins or abs. I'm yours, therefore they are absolutely yours, I don't have insecurities when it comes to you except the one I mentioned earlier. If you want to see veins or abs just tell me without any hesitation. Nobody except you has the right to see them. They are completely yours. And the same way, you can tell me or command me anything in your mind, please don't hesitate. I'm yours and I'm your territory like the way you are mine. I guess now I'm saying it for real and officially,
                    Shikha, my love, my princess, can we become one and beat united at least for this eternity? Will you marry me Shikha? I know many obstacles might come in the way, but we need to stay focused and determined towards the commitment we made to each other. I can't imagine my life without you and I'm incomplete and a selfless body without you. You are the one who makes me feel alive and fills the love and humanity in my heart though the medium of love. You are the one who made me see the world by your love. You made me feel that there is someone who really does care for me and loves for like the hell. You are the one who made me realise that I have a responsibility and I have to take care of her and that is you Shikha, My Home. You are the one for whom I can stay focused . In simple words, you are everything to me, you mean the world to me, and I want you in every moment of my life, and you are everything for me. Will you marry me?

Your Dron.