My Shikha Dron Pancholi,
Shikha You are the most appealing human I've ever come across and you are only the one, whom I loved the most unique way, and I don't want my girl to be deprived of society. I want my girl to tilt her head up proudly despite all the limitations in our society. I want you to be better than men, better than me, and better than everyone. I don't want to make you dependent on me or anyone. You must be an independent woman, I want you to participate in everything despite your gender. Society has developed the thought of men being superior to women. The reality is otherwise, it is women who made men in the society, you all are the reason why men are so confident and they are able to progress, but sadly mankind, forgot the value of women, as men got into every field and women were only left indoors. Since then, it is believed that women of no use, but I don't want to develop that thought. In my eyes, women are better than men, managing household and taking care of everything. So, don't step back, be aggressive for your rights. Even in our case, you are the one who made me a better version of me, you've fixed innumerable problems in my life, which you haven't even created. So, as you are seeing women don't have a powerful voice in society, it is the time to prove men wrong, at least we could do it at our stage, leave all fears, there is no cowardly kind on this planet than men. That is the reason I came to you when some of the boys of our class were talking about your nudes. The reason I came to you rather than confronting them myself, was to raise your voice, and make them feel that, if a woman comes to her rights and raises her voice, there is no man on the planet who could stop them. Don't be like other women, step out and leave all fears, and automatically you will be a role model and inspirational character for other women to raise their voice in society and fight for their rights without any fear, rather than begging of it. The only message I want to convey is to make you stronger. Forgot your gender, be better than men, me, and even be better than what you were yesterday. Just create a powerful personality of yours which would make men Shiver when it comes to exploiting you. I hope you'll understand. My girl will never be deprived of society, she will raise her voice, despite all the restrictions imposed by society. I love you my princess, and it's time to rule the world by women. You're a woman not an object, so act like a woman. 

Great people have said
" Good Men Are Raised By Strong Women, And Strong Women Are Raised by Good Men"
It's time for us to prove it.