It had been so bad for me that one girl with whom I barely have  had any conversations, made me beg before her. It was truly unacceptable for me, but I had to accept the fact that I somewhere had a slight crush on you at this time. Means the only thing I needed was just a reason. That reason could be a normal conversation... Or something or just 2 seconds of eye contact was enough. I simply just can't make my life go without you, Shikha, My love . You were the reason I lifted my eyes for some good. You were the first person which made me imagine my future. It was really a hard task for me as of now I can't live without you. You slowly started becoming the home for me. Now I could call you my love and imagine my future with you.
It was a big deal for me as it was the first time when I fell for any girl and the interesting part was I don't know you properly. The only thing I knew was your name, your approaching behaviour and a glimpse of humar which could possibly match my kind. So yeah, it was the point when I fell in love with you and I kept it secret from everyone. It was just me and my heart. I literally spent hours seeing your posts on Instagram. By that time I had watched all of your posts and highlights at least a hundred times. And I mean when I said I saw your posts and highlights at least a hundred times or more for real.

     Now the only thing that I could assure my heart with was that now it had found a girl perfect for it. Firstly, it was a huge risk because I went behind a girl who I don't even know properly. But by this time I had decided that we were meant to be together baby, Shikha. So, now I started loving you in secret but I also had a problem that I was still blocked and there were no hopes out there for getting unblock, but I didn't just lose hope. Real love takes time and I decide to give you some more time. After deciding this, I texted Fatema that I'm not behind Shikha and not interested in her, and I'm behind another girl. But after this I was thinking of the next thing which could make you approach me. But, now our story has twists through Instagram. We had a conversation on Instagram and I wasn't just expecting that. But I just said sorry for once and you were convinced with it, I thought that you might also have been taken away from me the same way I was. I know it might be complicated, but trust me there has been no such love or love story without any complications. Now I have started getting complications. And I thought why did you just come back to me for no valid reason. But, I can tell you that is the special treatment of love, which made you so despite that you just couldn't resist and that made you come back to me, simply the magic of love, My Shikha.

     At once I thought of committing my love for you but I just couldn't, because I had that fear of losing you once again somewhere deep in my heart. It was ok for me if you won't chat with me as my gf, the only thing that meant was that you chat with me. The only thing I wanted was to talk with you, for the first time, I wanted to know your personal favourite things, your hobbies, your favourite food, your favourite places to visit, your favourite celebrities and everything about you. I want to know the way you breathe, the way you feel, the way you move, the way your heart beats,the way you see the world with your beautiful eyes. Just everything you do and you like, I want to know all those things.