On January 14th, a day filled with love and affection, the I kept their feelings private until now. Now, I've  decided to express my feelings, but keep some for the Good Part, revealing the unreal affection and attraction of love. The day was filled with laughter and a confession atmosphere, where I was  aimed to know my  impression in the your mind and improve and work over it. I wanted to be the best version of myself, not make you, my favorite person feel superior, but loved. I gave control over my thoughts, mind, deeds, and heart, and hoped to kept my heart in your feet. I have plans to give you a surprise , but I wanted to give you everything you could think of in return for your love, support, and attention. I hope you'll never leave the me, as you are the reason behind my smile and happiness.

     Here I'm thinking of sharing a glimpse heartfelt love story with you, my life partner Shikha, the only human, whom I've  kept locked in a vault of my heart. On the 14th of January, we confessed our love, a moment that forever changed our lives. Shikha you are the sunshine that brightens my every moment, the star that lights up my night, and the rhythm that makes my heart beat after your name. Your love is the oxygen I  breathe, and I  promise to love, cherish, and adore you, now and forever. I  promise to be your rock, shelter in every storm, and partner in every sense. I can't bear the thought of living without you, Shikha. And I ask for her to stay with me  and create a love story that will be etched in the annals of time, a tale of true love that will inspire generations to come.

     Shikha, my love, you are the anchor that holds me steady in my innings, the wings that set my soul free into your heart, and my best friend, partner in crime, confidante, safe haven, and home. You make me a better person, inspiring me to be the best version of myself and working on myself to become the best version of myself for you. Your support gives me the courage to face my fears with confidence and overcome my doubts. I love you more and more with each moment in my life, and I cannot think of a life without you, my Shikha. You are mine forever, and our love will continue to grow and flourish. Every time I think of you, I feel like I'm you, and that time passes while I'm with you because of your love. Our love is seen through our eyes, conveying the depths of our unbreakable bond and never-ending love for each other this eternity.I express my deep love for you, Shikha. Expressing how your presence calms uncertainties and anxieties, making me feel less depressed. I pledge to be your pillar of support and true love, stating that every moment with you makes me a better person and their heart feels more holy.

     It is all about being a better person in my life and work on me to give you the person you deserve, because you deserve the best and only you can make me the best version of myself, Shikha My love.
With Love,
Vandrii