The 14th of January, written by the ink of love and affection, this date had a special meaning and it is one of the best memories for us. I kept my feelings of that private until now. But, now I've decided to express my feelings, but a major highlights of this day are kept of The Good Part. So, I may try to give you some hints about the unreal affection and attraction of love. The day went very amazing, having many giggles and the a atmosphere for the confession was created. Some of the thoughts which were running in my mind were, what if you said so. My all expectations would just collapse in front of my eyes, first I thought of not confessing my love, but just keep the things going on, I just wanted you and it won't matter if we were just friends, I wanted to be your other half, but there was a risk of losing you, but the reward was also very great. It was a calculated risk. The main reason behind the confession rather than proposing you, was that I could know my impression in your mind and which could help me to improve on myself and where to work on me. I just wanted to be the better and best version me of you. I don't want to make the favourite person in my life feel that she is superior in this relationship and I want to give her queen treatment, princess treatment is common but I want to take it one step forward. I will do everything by your will. I give you control over my thoughts, mind, deeds and also my heart, the main things. It would be great if I could keep my heart in your feet in real, but I could do anything for you, and I'm not saying it just for the sake of saying, I mean it when I say it. I had many plans and I'll reveal the biggest surprise ever to you by the end of these notes. But you'll have to wait till then. I want to give you everything you just think of, and in return the only thing I wish is your love, support and attention. I wish that you will guide me after everything and you will be with me when my bad times arrives and when there is no one with me. You mean literally everything to me. You can test my love if you want, but I'm never gonna leave you and I hope you won't ever leave me again like last time. You are the reason behind my smile. You are the person who makes me happy and without you in sky without start and moon. But whenever I'm with you, I'm the sky with all stars and moon in it. Only after  reading 12th point, you will have to answer that what were your feeling that day, that did you feel and just everything that occured on you end.

       On the 14th of January, a day that will forever be etched in the history of our love story; our hearts beat as one. This is one such memory from early on in our journey together that I have kept locked in a vault; so dear to my heart and purposed to save every bit of it. However, now is when you’re going to witness just how deep my love for you runs and I pour out these excerpts which many won’t stop caviling at! The day was beautiful as we both reveled along with the world around us oblivious of what destiny had planned for us, laughter filled the air until loud enchanting words ushered all into stillness and pin-drop silence. So many thoughts raced through my mind on that day; what if this reveals a different you? terror flowed down my spine after getting shunned by others but not enough to change everything else about what I know ''our'' love is!!! I wanted to be indeed more than just friends....I wanted everything…intelligence told me perhaps this wouldn’t work out!! What if l lose her? Love told me we were meant for each other though!! If nothing else made make believe this would...and here we are today!!!


     On that fateful day, 14th January, at 11:25, our lives changed forever. It was the moment we confessed our love for each other on WhatsApp, I still remember and our hearts became united. Shikha, my love, my everything, you are the sunshine that brightens my every moment, you are the star that light up my night. You are the rhythm that makes my heart beat after your name, the desire, urge and necessity that fills my soul. Without you, I am nothing, a mere shadow of a person, lost and alone. Your love is the oxygen I breathe, the air that fills my lungs of my love, and I don't want to let my lungs of love lose the air of your love. You are my world, my universe, my everything. Your smile is the light that guides me through life's darkest moments, your laughter the music and tone that fills my heart with joy, Your eyes are the windows to our love, trust and believe into each other, the reflection of our souls. your eyes often make me lost deep in them. Your touch ignites a fire that never fades, a flame that burns bright and true by the name of love in my heart. Shikha, my love, you are the missing piece that makes me whole, the missing beat that makes my heart complete. I promise to love you, cherish you, and adore you, now and forever. I promise to be your rock, your shelter in every storm, your partner in every sense. Please, my love, never leave me. I cannot bear the thought of living without you. You are my life, my everything. I am nothing without you. Stay with me, love me, and let us create a love story that will be etched in the annals of time, a tale of true love that will inspire generations to come. FOREVER AND ALWAYS, MY LOVE, MY SHIKHA.