The December has passed and the January has arrived. It was first january and I had very strong expectations from your side. I thought that after seeing me all day in school and tution you sury will text me on 1st January, saying that with the new year, you mill give me one more chance to prove myself and make you mine. The second thing I thought was that you might atleast unblock so that I could text you, but neither you texted me happy new year nor you unblocked me. I was completely broken. I had lost all of my hopes. My more efforts would only mean growing rose on a barren land. But still I had hopes for you. I was quiet disappointed at this point, but I was helpless at the same time, as I had no change to get to you and make the things up. I almost left you at that time after waiting for 2 days for you text or atleast getting unblock, but all of my expectations were proven wrong. At this point of time,  I was the worst human in my eyes. Everything just stopped in sudden. There was no point of living without any hopes. I was broken into thousand pieces. I thought of leaving you for your good. I considered myself as one of the biggest obstacles for you. But it was very difficult for me to just move on. Because it simply can't happen as you were the only person who made me feel what happens when we fall in love, and no other person now or in the eternity could make me feel this best thing, which could happen only once for true lovers.  I was lost, I was sad, I was a selfless human without you. The only thing that I thought at time and still couldn't figure out is how can a girl who entered my life just few months ago and with whom I had conversation a hardly one or two months ago, but I can just tell you one thing, the true love finds it's way out. It can happen to anyone at anytime only for once, and it already took place for me in the form you, Shikha. You were my true love and it wasn't any easy task to just move on as I thought. I still remember the 20th December when I got your number, or you took mine. I've not included it in last point because I thought of it in january. I can't just leave the person who made me feel the best feeling in the world. The love that you made me feel was just unreal. I had never thought that one can break down morally just because the person the ones leaves that person alone. I was like a never ending nightmare for me. You made me realise that what difference that one person can create in our lives. The one person can decide what will be our mood. Personally, I never thought that I would get depressed or demotivate just because of one person who came in my life only a few months ago, but the reason I knew was the never ending love with you, Shikha.

     After I was lost in the fear of losing you, I had no feelings for anyone. The only thing that did matter that time was you. I t was you for whom I could have let my self respect down at any lower point one could ever imagine. I could do anything to stay with you and living with you happily is all I need I my life, everything is just a possession except you. You are my life, my love Shikha. I can assure you for one thing, The true love finds it way out as I said earlier and it proved itself this time. I just received a text form you, and you were not mad or furious at me anymore. You were just like in normal mood once again, it was the point where I felt all of my efforts were going in right direction. It was a never ending love story, without any end. Everything on this Universe comes to an end, except the true love, which we do, and therefore the eternity helped us to reunite again. All of my hopes were back on the track and now I couldn't resist any more for the confession of my love. I thought of confession my love to you as soon as possible. Now I couldn't resist to hide the love my heart had for you. I just love the way you talk, you yell, your fuck off, and your everything. After you came back, I had got the fear of losing you once again. And I still fear of losing you. And I just simply can't afford your lose. I loved the way that how you took care of me or got jealous when anything that might make me go off your hands came. I just loved it, but I wasn't sure about you had the same for me or not. I was sure that you had a soft corner for me and some love for me, but I wasn't sure if we were ready for anything big or not. I had all of my love for you and with all of love and efforts, I thought of doing something big the following month. But, rather than just proposing you, I thought of confessing our love to each other. Which was quiet different, but I chose it because it have both of us a chance to speak about our feelings till the yes rather than just saying yes in the proposal and keeping our feelings which could be expressed in by our hearts only. So I had my plans and I fixed 14th January as the day of confessing our feelings for each other. I thought it on 12th of January, I can tell you that two days were never ending days, I couldn't wait till 14th, but j had to. So somehow I survived those two days to confess my love for the most perfect person in my life. Now the story time is over and it's question time. What things were running over your mind when you unblocked me from your side? Did you feel of confessing your love to me? Or you just had a crush on me which wasn't enough to confess the love your heart had for me? What was my Impression over you after you unblocked me? Did I disappoint you? You can tell me something extra from your side about this point too because I don't know what was happening on your end, so please feel free to tell me. I hope you'll tell me the whole story of this point form your side. I've left a huge part of thoughts from my side for the good part, it will be revealed when you'll get to read the GOOD PART.