It was a sunny day of 12th August 2023, When I had my first chat with you. It was about the last period and the class was just going crazy in that drawing period. And I was also busy in a very important conversation with Fatema about how I could apologize to Dhriti and convince her. Personally, I had no interest in Dhriti, but I had broken her heart a couple of times by my words or acts which were not showing any positive signs for Dhriti to keep any hope alive for me. But I do respect her efforts and decided to say her sorry one last time and just forget her like she never exited.     While I was talking about that it was my birthday recently and dhriti somehow knew my birthday which is very hard as I don't like to tell my birthday to anyone and I do like to keep my birthday for me and my closed ones. So, I was telling Fatema that dhriti wished me happy birthday and you just summoned after nowhere and just started chatting with Fatema and after your chats, For the first time you Greeted me with Hello. I felt a positive wave running across my whole body in no time and I replied with Hi Shikha. Literally I was out of sight as I spoke your name. It was unexpected even for me as i spoke it immediately without any hesitation, but making it one of the best memories.     As we were having normal conversation, Fatema told you that it was my birthday recently and you asked me whether it was my birthday recently or not and I replied positively. After knowing it you Greeted me with Happy Birthday Dron and I was once again out of sight for 2 seconds as you spoke my name. I thought of shaking hands but I felt shy so I didn't. Later you told me that I should give you chocolate and especially dark chocolate. Now after having you in my life, I often think why did  you tell me to get dark chocolate when you just hate it out of hell. But after minutes, the bell rang and the First Conservation sadly came to an end. It was a conversation that I'd always remember. And I also do have a question if you were coming intentionally and having a chat with me or there was no such intention behind it. I don't know but you can tell me.