It was another boring day at school. I was just sitting simply and the recess had just got over and the Hindi period had started. I was feeling so bored and I was looking out of the window from the last bench where I was sitting , but suddenly out of nowhere I heard Dron Dron, Hello. Maro lunchbox bar bari ma rai gayo che Mane apis? I guess I don't need to narrate who was the person saying these lines. It was obviously none other than you my Shikha. For a few seconds I was completely lost in you for no reason like the movies and I don't understand why I felt that affection towards you suddenly in no time without having any proper conversation with you. After hearing this, I looked out of the window in search of your shiny and rigid boxy lunchbox made out of steel in having a shiny chrome colour on it.      Luckily for me, the lunchbox was out of my reach and I had to go out of the class room and get the lunchbox for you. So without any hesitation, I took the sir's permission and went out of the class towards another side of the window and got the lunchbox for you. And after getting the lunchbox, there was a blush on my face which was hidden from you and this incident brought my attention to you and made my day go very smoothly. I hid all of the blush and the happy tint from my face as I entered the class, But it was really a very hard task doing so. After that I returned the lunchbox to you and saw in your eyes in an appealing way.      After receiving the lunchbox, there was a cute smile on that white face which turned it partially red. And along with it you thanked me by saying Thank you Dron and waving your hand towards me.Honestly, finding happiness in these small things is one of your qualities which I do find attractive and appreciative. And you just had this in you and at that time I felt It was soo you... After getting on my seat, I imagined that beautiful eyes making me poor and helpless in front of it were so appealing that it was so difficult for me to resist. I still wonder if you really forget the lunchbox there or you left it intentionally in order to start a conversation out with me?