In life there are unforgettable moments, toward which a life may be built or destroyed depending on whether the change has occurred at the level of the heart, of the mind, or of the spirit. For me, one of those moments was when I met with an accident in Punjab. Truthfully, until then, I didn’t realize what we had, didn’t realize the extent of your love for me. I went through the initial part of our relationship where a person suddenly realises they are in love with the other. But I have to admit that I was bored. The excitement that I assumed I should feel was absent and at some point, I felt like quitting. It only made me feel somehow that our relationship was just not important enough to be made an effort of sustaining it. If only I could go back to those days I would realize that all those thoughts were rather mad and narrow headed. At that time, I thought that I was too stupid to understand what was in front of me – that feeling which would later define me, the feeling called love.

     Then the accident happened. That day, I can tell you what I felt—shock, pain, and hopelessness of knowing that I had broken my leg. I was in a distant place among people I did not know, and the headache was quickly forgotten in light of the loneliness that overwhelmed me at that time. However, once I decided to send you a text message, and within the scope of that conversation, everything changed. I described the car accident hoping to receive condolences and words of consolation but instead I got something much better. You are worried and caring to an extent that I have never seen before and it has left me in a state of shock. You were so concerned for me, so desensitively, heartbroken about my injury that it felt like a dream. How could anyone care so much? How can you, still within those days of knowing me, love me this much to be this heartbroken over my suffering?

      When you heard that I had been hurt, you trembled. You kept on inquiring how I was feeling, if I was okay, if I needed an assistance of any kind. I could sense the emotions you had, the fear that was found in your thoughts, the love that was expressed in your message. But it was as if the accident was a person who has gotten a blow, that those pains were your own. That level of concern, that intensity of emotion, was something I never experienced before in my life. I got really surprised because I didn’t know it was humanly possible for a person to care that much. For the first time, I realized to what extent you cared for me, to what extent you loved me and from that moment on, something inside of me changed.

     That moment when we talked over a video call was a change of direction. I pulled my trouser above my knee to reveal the thick white socks of plaster the leg was enclosed in and the concern in your eyes was evident. I could see that you had the afraid look on your face. You were not only worried, you were concerned for me too – Your eyes when you saw my injury zone and how worried you looked, gave me a feeling. It is something we had beyond the typical boyfriend/girlfriend kind of affair. That’s not just lip service. You cared for me, you needed me; you loved me, and I had not noticed it before because of my stupidity, fear, and self-consciousness. Seeing your face, me witnessing you in that moment of realization, a switch flicked on in the very core of me. I become a senseless idiot for ever thinking that you should be released from my life. I was such an idiot how could I have been so wrong?

     In that single moment, looking at the extent to which you were willing to go for us, there was a revelation of the heart. The doubts, the boredom, the thoughts of quitting—it was all gone; in its place was a rush of guilt and regret. What could I possibly have been thinking of in order to terminate a relationship with a person who loved me without expecting anything in return, how can I leave her, who gave herself and everything she had to me? Your love was true, and unlike any feeling I had ever experienced in my life. For the first time I felt how much I am privileged to have you, to share my life with you. You were not just a girlfriend, you are the most precious jewel that was ever given to me in my entire life, you're the centre of my universe. And in that moment I said to myself that I will never again be a fool and forget how special your love is to me.

      But as much as I realized the strength of your love, I also realized something painful: I did wrong to you. I had let myself think of giving up, of leaving, and all of this, I needed to apologize to you for. Shikha, I’m really sorry, I regret that I ever doubted you; that I ever gave thoughts of ‘our love is not meant to be’ a chance in my head because it was wrong; terribly wrong of me to even think so. You have always been loving, caring and supportive to me right from the moment I met you and I was blind to all of these. I become blinded by my own fears and insecurities and almost let go of something that I believed was the best thing that ever happened to me and for that, I apologise.

      You will never know how sorry I am that I could even think of questioning your word. I ask for your forgiveness for ever thinking of letting go of a love as divine as the one you have for me. I wasted a lot of time before fully understanding the value of you and I regret it, deeply. But I assure you this Shikha – I will never ever make that horrible mistake again. You have helped me discover what true love means, and from now on, I will appreciate it even more. This is what I promised myself after the incident I had missed out on because of doubts that overwhelmed my heart. You mean everything to me, and I cannot begin to explain how much I love having you around. You have taught me what love means and I will never fail to demonstrate to you that you are loved beyond measures. The words which I am going to say tonight are, I will always love you, protect you, and make you feel wanted. It is not just that you are enough, you are everything that one can desire for.

      From that accident on I knew I had discovered something really special in this world. Shikha, you are not any girl; you are the girl who loves me and with a heart full of purity and goodness that I am blessed to wake up every day to. It dawned on me that I would never meet a person like you again, a person who has such a big heart, a person who loves so genuinely. Darling, right now you are irreplaceable to me, and I can not believe that once I could let you leave me. Which is why, lying in pain that day, I came to understand that the pain which would be even more unbearable than the pain of the wound received on the front line would be the pain of losing you. And I swore to myself in that moment, that will never happen to me, not in a million years.

     Shikha, I want you to realize that my love for you is not just more than words but it’s eternal. As far as I am concerned, there is no end to the affection that I have for you, no way of measuring how my heart swells up with emotion each time I remember you. You are the most important thing in my life, the air that I need to breathe, you’re the beat of my heart. I could die a thousand deaths and reincarnate a thousand times but I wouldn’t find a person like you to lovingly complete me. I will love you forever and always, even though my love for you is more than all the space in the galaxy. It’s in the way I build you in my mind all through the day, it’s in the feeling of my heart every time you spoke to me, it’s in the desire that I so much want to embrace you, care for you, cherish you as you have done for me.

     This love—it is not just something that befalls me; it is an entity of existence. It is therefore the heartbeat and blood, the flame, and the spirit which forms part of me today. You have become the part of my life as the threads that make up the material which forms the clothes I am wearing now. The love I have for you is a love that will never fade out and one that I will proudly take to my grave. I cherish you more than you will ever know and it would take me a lifetime to tell you how much I love you. I love you with passion that is uncontrolled with affection that has no limit in my heart. You and only you, are now the cause of each of the smiles that cross my face, or the reason for waking with hope and joy each morning. You can hold the keys to my heart; without you around me, there would be no light at all.

     Each of the seconds spent with you is precious, and every day I realize you are my soulmate for life. You are the one I want to share laughter with, shed tears with, and have wrinkles with. The man said: You are my partner, my soulmate, my everything. I will continue to love you to the end of days, and always be grateful for who you are. And I will never stop fighting to become the man you need, the man that will love you as you have loved me. I'm yours and forever yours, Shikha, My Love.

     Shikha, I have to ask—when I told you about the accident, when you saw my leg on that video call, what was running through your mind? Did you realize, in that moment, how much you loved me? Or had you always known? I want to know what you were feeling, because it was in that moment that I realized how much I love you. Did you feel that same rush of emotions? That same overwhelming sense that what we have is something rare and beautiful? Did you worry as much as I imagined you did? I want to understand your heart, your feelings, because it was in that moment that I understood just how much you mean to me.