After the start of our relationship, there came the first obstacle. Our relationship is full of twists and turns, but if this event which I'm going to tell to further might have taken place then I might have ended our relationship from my side. It was the only time I thought of breaking up with you. It had only been one or two days since we got into our relationship and my mind stopped working. At first glance, I thought you were not the one for me. I considered this relationship as a mistake for the first few days. And I was very sad and demotivated. The reason behind it was the relationship. There was no doubt that I was in love with you, but I couldn't get over the reality that now you were mine. It was absolute Chaos. I seriously thought of breaking up with you twice or thrice at that time as I was not interested to take this relationship further and put my efforts into this relationship, because at the end you were completely new for me. It was very hard for me to accept you as my willing partner. You entered my life so fast that I had an idea of what should be done next. That was the reason why I didn't hit you when you gave me hints for the relationship in 2023. I was lost in the dark at that time. Even today I couldn't believe that I was me, who thought of getting apart from the favourite girl right after getting into the relationship with her. I couldn't be me. I had a very strong desire to break up with you and I also tried to raise the topic of breaking up with you, but the only thing that stopped me from doing it was a thought that only because of my confusion, I could ruin the life of an innocent girl who doesn't deserve to suffer just because of my personal interest, who could never get out of this emotional trauma. Now you were my responsibility, I had to take care of you, and stand after you in every situation in our lives. I felt selfish for a moment that I'm ready to ruin someone's life just for the sake of my liking. I couldn't do that. So, I kept the plan of breaking you for some other time. Personally for me it was the worst phase in our relationship. This is the part that I never want to see in the future.

     I had lost myself in my eyes because I had no idea why I suddenly lost all the feeling for the girl whom I wanted at any cost but after getting you, I had lost interest in you. I had the feelings of hate for you as I thought I was getting prevailed by you. I thought I lost my complete freedom after getting into the relationship. But, I couldn't end up with you because at the end of the day you are my responsibility. You made me the right person to take care of you and to share all of your love and feelings with me. So, I couldn't end up with you. That Is the reason why I have the insecurity or losing you. I don't know why it happened to me. But I took my time and accepted the reality that now you are mine and there is no going back. So, at the start I hated you and you were the person I was trying to get away from. But, it is the spell or the magic of love which completely changed me. Now, I can't imagine a moment without you, I could wait hours to only have a glimpse of you and I could do anything to get you. Now you are the person whom I love the most and you are worthy to be HOME for me. Shikha, I promise it won't ever happen again. I don't know what happened to me, but I think I was not up with reality and the other reason might be that I didn't know your value in my life, I had no idea that you are the most integral part of my life. I can assure you that this thing won't happen to me ever again. But the only negative impact that it left on me is the insecurity of losing you. Now, I can't imagine myself without my Love, My shikha. Can I tell you one thing? Please don't take it the wrong way, but try to understand. My only wish for you is that we will never get apart and I will do everything at your command and you would never deny me over boobs. I was very guilty after I made you force me to send me the photos of your boobs. I won't say that I won't see your boobs because I can't resist, but instead I wish you would show me boobs without any discomfort to me and you would never deny me over boobs because I have completed a different affection or bond with your boobs. And it is a commitment that I will never leave you and do everything at your command but one thing I wish is you won't deny me for  boobs. If it happens I can't express how happy I would be.... But If it happens I do everything at your command and always be by your side with or without boobs, Fuck Promise. But I expect you to never deny Boobs, I'd be grateful if it happens. I'm really sorry if you didn't like it but I only expressed my feelings, sorry for the discomfort, but we could discuss it in the chat. The only question I would ask here is do you find me trustworthy of showing your boobs?