After the Unblock, we had the very smooth going. Our communication and mutual understanding was just to another extent. I would say the best example of understanding might be ours since the Decembers. Alongside December, we started to know more and more about each other and also started giving hints, at this stage none of us had that confidence to confess our love, but we  gave each other  many hints and made another sure that we both are in love. I know it wasn't a relationship, but it could be called a situation-ship where every step taken led us to the path of love and trust. I guess you were more desperate than me but it's ok because I can just express my feelings. But the urge in deep me was so strong that at some points almost made me confess my love to you, but I was just enough. Every time I come to you to confess my love, I get afraid, if I might make a mistake and lose you for this eternity and I simply can't just let it happen. So, I didn't confess my love. You were and you are and also gonna be the only precious thing which I would choose over wealth, my hobbies or anything in the world. But once you told me Tare jawline pan mast che, tu good looking pan che, bas tu thodek polite rite vaat kar ne to badhi chorki tara pachad gandi thai jai. And j said that we'll find one for me together and you were suddenly in silence. You suddenly lost that laugh and joy and changed the topic. I was sure about your love after seeing you getting jealous but that wasn't just the perfect time to propose to you. But, at this particular time, we texted each other and even had audio calls for at least 2 hours a day combined.   We were best friends at that point and shared every single detail of our spent day and tried to know about each other's personal life.

     I guess now it's time for Dhruvi's entry in the story. I know that you don't want her in these notes but she played an important role in getting your jealousy out. I'm sorry but I had to write this, I know that you might have had some fear at any point because of dhruvi, but trust me there was nothing to worry about. Currently I'm very afraid that you might get offended after seeing this useless creature in these notes. But, please don't get offended. It was 20th December and dhruvi proposed me, I was confused because even after repeated rejections, she kept coming after me. So for the first time, I seek for you help. And you were very happy for this task. I could sense that feeling of your  triumph over others for me. You showed me your jealous side and insecurities regarding her. I understood it In no time and just kicked off dhruvi. I won't explain it much because I don't want to devalue my notes by including her. So, I added the only part where you showed you possessiveness, jealousy for other girls and your efforts for the first time. So it was a very important event for making our bond more powerful and exposing the love for each other. Now I won't talk about her anymore except any important events. 

     The Decembers started off great, but eventually it worked as a foundation of the trust between us. The Decembers were the best for our friendship phase, making us more open to each other. I still remember when everyone would wear blazers and I wouldn't in the cold. But you gave me a compliment saying I look better with the blazer, but the warmth had started as the cold phase of winter was heading toward its end and the warm winters were about to start. Now the time changed, it was mid December and everyone got off blazers after recess due to suffocation, but I would wear it all day because you have me a compliment regarding the blazer. So, you might have noticed that I was always in the balzer right after you gave me that compliment. We had so many audio calls and I guess it was the time when you got completely comfortable with me to share anything in your mind. During this time, you thought yourself free to feel with me. And if it is correct it was a big deal for me, as my favourite human in the world doesn't have to be suppressed anymore and could feel free to share anything she wants. Now I guess the time till the end of December was great. I guess we should save some of it for the good part. It's enough for these points and it's your turn to answer my questions. What did you feel during December? Did you really get comfortable with me during this time? Did you also feel the same as I did? Did you get jealous sometimes? And you can also share some of your  other experiences which I forgot to ask or you feel that could be a memory. It was the best phase in our friendship, do you agree? What are your thoughts on it?