After having chats with you for a few days, I had my pleasure in Love. But still, this love wasn't anything to the way I love you today. But for me experiencing the love was very strange but awesome. When I see you the sky changes its colours, the winters feel warm and there are butterflies just everywhere. Now everything looks so good and refined that I started enjoying myself like never before. And the reason behind all this is you. I still feel these same things but to a greater extent, we should probably save it for the good part The world was just full of colours and I was happy than never before. Whenever I see you, I try to observe part of your body(don't take it the wrong way, the message that I'm trying to convey is that I observed how you move and what exactly is your body language) and the way you behave along with your body language. You can probably improve on one thing, that is maintaining a good sitting posture and not keeping your legs wide, which is not supposed to be that great. But you can keep your legs short while sitting. But still, you became the perfect personality in my eyes, catching the attention of my eyes and subconscious all the time and making me think of you.

     
So, it is enough for this part and some more things will be written in the good part. But at that time you were superior to me than everyone. I thought like a personality like you just never existed before. The way you behave and do all things is just perfect, living a perfect impression on me. If I get to choose any girl from any time dimension or I get a chance to create a perfect girl for me, I won't choose any other girl over you or create a girl of dreams, because I've already found the perfect. You are just perfect, Shikha. You are way better than the perfect girl I had every imagine in my life before your arrival. Writing these lines makes me emotional, but it is true. I'm not saying just for the sake of making you feel happy or anything but it is directly coming from the bottom of the heart. There has been no such person in my life who made me cry, even the death of my grandfather didn't make me cry that much. No happy occasions have made me cry, Except kohli lifting the trophy. But you often make me get tears of love and happiness. You get the joy out of me and make my day great. Only your glance is enough for me to make my mood happy or romantic. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me, Shikha. You mean the world to me. You are my love, my home, you are just with a different body. My soul lives in your heart. My soul can't just live outside your heart in this generation of gen-z relationships where even perfume's fragrance stays longer than people. I have found the most perfect, beautiful, caring and my type of girl. I think god might have created you in the most creative way he had. You are absolutely a piece of art, of love, caring, beauty and just everything that one could ever imagine in his life. Now it's time for you to answer what my impressions are on you? What kind of personality did you create for me? Did you feel the same as I felt for you or something different? Please let me know.
