After having some very interesting incidents, it's time for the unwanted part. Right after you thanked me, I was just flying the 7th sky and there was no other person who was more happy and confident than me. I still don't understand why I was that existed as I had no interest in you. But yeah God's Plan Baby. So after having an excellent day, I was lost in the scenarios of what all happened after the recess and in the evening, I got a text from you saying Thank You Dron . So I intentionally asked why you thanked me for no reason, honestly, I wanted to know you more so I did this. But later there were some chats which were texted by my friend and which just brought an end to everything. Personally, I said Fatema that Shikha and Dhriti are very identical by nature, so by knowing Shikha I could easily find a way to convince Dhriti. But, in my deep conscience I really had no such plans. The actual plan was to know you, but I can just say Fatema that I want to know shikha as she would deny me or ask me for the reason why I want to know about Shikha's everything. So I thought of doing so.

     And I said the same to my friend, as I was not sure why I was attracted to you, Shikha. So my friend just tried to be helpful to me and texted you directly saying that If you'd be mad at me what would you do as Dhriti is mad at me this is only the solution. And it made you angry at me and block me. After this I got so furious for the first time with any of my friends that I ended all the relations with him. I was with him since I was in 4th class. But I don't know why I left him for you. As he tried to help me for my good. I could have discussed everything with him patiently, but I didn't. As he was the reason I got blocked by you. If there would be any other girl out there I won't say him even a single word that why did he do so or anything.

     Now, I was serious for you but on the other hand, I was afraid to call you as all this happened. So I just decided to give you some time if you'd come back or not. I had hopes that you'll come back to me one day. At that time the only reason I bought Dhriti was to know you more and dhriti was not just a reason. I thought about it in my deep conscience but I was guilty and I still regret that. At that time if I had that courage to get with you even for a conversation I would have done anything to convince you and I could have apologized at any level. At that time I partially lost my self respect when it was you, Shikha. But I was just afraid of getting to you as I was scared that If I would lose this chance, there is nothing and I would lose you forever. That was the reason I hesitated to talk to you. Now it's time for you to answer my question about why did you text me thank you? Was that to start the conversation with me or just you had no such intentions and you texted me innocently and for good?