 I was lost in the regrets and guilt after you blocked me as I said earlier.  But, I saw that I was unblocked and there was a notification from your side. It was like a rose growing on a devastated land. I lost all hopes from your side, but you texted me and my hopes were back. I was in the seventh sky. There was no great honour for me at that which would be more superior for me than your unblock, you really mean the world to me, Shikha please don't ever leave me again like that. I'm nothing without you. I am just like a rose without petals, a house without a roof, a body without soul without you my love. At this moment, I understood that only one percent chance does create a huge difference. One percent chance is enough for getting anything of our desire. If we mean it we can get it. And you are that one thing which I would always desire for. Every moment I live with you means more than everything. Shikha, I don't want wealth, or anything. The only thing I strongly urge and can resist is you, Shikha my love and the person whom I can call my home. Please don't ever leave me alone like this again, because without you,  I'm nothing. I'm just a selfless human. You mean the world to me. I want to say much more but I left other things for the good part.

     The story after getting unblocked was just amazing. As you know I love cricket, and the only time I left my batting is when I got your text after getting unblocked. I was shocked to see that, but at the same time afraid that what did you text me. I was really afraid of losing you. But the good part was that you were not furious any more. Now you were a cute white, lovely creature for me, trying to seek my attention a bit. But, I personally love when I see you in anger. You just look very beautiful and cute at that time. A girl with white skin, and a red face, is just yelling at me. I get completely lost in you when you get furious. And after that unblock, our friendship went on and we never stepped back from that moment. From that moment, there was no seeing back and I had decided to turn that 1 percent chance and 99 percent hope, and turn it into 100 percent of you being mine. Just 1 percent hope is enough The other 99 percent hope will turn into reality if you mean it truly and urge for something without any limitations. For me it was you, Shikha My soul. Fun fact, I actually got tears writing this, like you but the difference is you got the tears reading it.. I never cry or get tears of joy or anything. Now it's time for you to answer what your reaction was when you got back with me and the response was positive. What were your thoughts for the future from this point? So it is the end for this kind of emotional part and we should move to the next part with expectations of more surprises in the near future or something.
