Thinking back on our wonderful journey together fills my heart with joy and gratitude, and it makes me feel how lucky I am that I got a girl like you, who is completely different from others, who loves me from the bottom of her heart and really does care for me rather than just showing fake love and care. It feels like just yesterday when we officially became a couple—it was surreal and almost like a dream. At first glance, I couldn't believe someone as wonderful and special as you could be with me for real in my life; it was something like a dream for me. It felt like I was living in a dream that I couldn't quite accept as real. Before you came into my life, I wondered if true love existed outside of books and movies, or if true love was just frictional stuff that could never be possible for real. I had my doubts and wasn't sure if it was something that could happen to me, that I had no such understanding for the real meaning of life. But then, you appeared in my life, making my life full of colours and love, leaving behind a dark and colourful life, which I never thought would come to and end, but you bought an very end to my boring life and stared a new chapter of my life which is named after you and your love. But you bought the power of love with you which keeps the power to vanish off any problems from anyone's life. You came into my life quietly but profoundly, changing my doubts into strong beliefs. Your presence alone made me realise that love could be real and wonderful. At the very beginning of our never-ending love story, every little thing about you seemed like a miracle to me. I still remember the day when I came in your rickshaw and saw that you loved to receive and read the letters from your close ones, and that day the idea of writing This Fuck Promise came into my mind. Your smile, your laughter, and the way you looked at me with kindness—it all felt too good to be true. I couldn't believe that the girl of dreams was with me, following the path of love in real life. Was it real? But it seems too real to be true. The unreal love always feels like a dream, but this is only the definition of the love. Sometimes I had to pinch myself just to make sure that this happiness was real and not just my imagination; I had got the girl that I would select against any most precious thing in the universe. As we started our relationship, I discovered emotions within myself that I never knew existed. You brought out the best in me—the patience I never thought that I had, the mutual understanding that we developed, and the willingness to grow and prosper our relationship better and better with each passing moment. Every day with you showed me that love isn't just a word; it's something that changes and enriches life in amazing ways. There were times when I felt unsure or didn't know how to express my feelings, as I ran out of words to express all of my feelings, but love can't be expressed; it can only be felt. I often thought that I didn't seem to give you the love you deserved or the attention that should be given to you. But you were always there, holding my hand and reassuring me that it's okay to be imperfect and that we could learn and grow together. It was your love and support that worked as my anchor during tough times and my guiding light through challenges, and your love was the motivation that boosted my confidence. Our journey together has been filled with laughter and tears, challenges and triumphs. We've learned from each other and become stronger together. Your strength inspires me, your resilience motivates me, and your love comforts me in ways I never thought possible. I treasure the moments we've shared—quiet evenings talking about everything, exciting adventures that left us breathless, and even the everyday routines that became special because we did them together. Every single moment spent with you is a memory for me, and it is etched in my heart, full of you, showing how deep our connection is and how happy I am to be with you. There is no one who can replace you in my life; you are just perfect for me. Shikha, you've taught me what love really means. It is far more than just the romantic kind in which people just use each other; real love includes patience, understanding, and accepting each other just as we are. You've shown me that love isn't always about big gestures, but about the small moments of connection and the commitment to each other's happiness. Looking ahead, I'm excited for our future together, where you'll be fighting with me for our son and I will be defending our daughter. I see us sharing dreams and building a life where love is always the most important thing. Shikha, I promise to cherish what we have, what we desire, and everything that makes me feel you. I promise to always support you and to always be by your side, no matter what the problem is. We will be facing the problems together and finding a logical solution for them. I really thank you, Shikha, for being not just my girlfriend but my partner, my best friend, and the person who has made my life so much better, the person who made me realise what life is. I'm grateful for every moment we've had together and can't wait for all the moments to come. Now, it's time for you to answer how much time does it take for you to realise that you were in love and I was your partner for this life hopefully.
